Update the global tests invocation to also consider child resources (#798)
Azure/ResourceModules: arm/Microsoft.Sql/servers/securityAlertPolicies/readme.md

| Output Name | Type | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | `databaseResourceId` | string | The resourceId of the deployed security alert policy |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `databaseResourceId` | string | The resource ID of the deployed security alert policy |
```
